hey guys welcome to my channel I've
recently came back home from Los Angeles
to San Francisco and I realized there
are certain changes that I want to make
in my life if you have the same feeling
like you have this new resolution that
you want to fulfill for example you want
more English in your life or for example
if you want to prepare for something big
like dream University Admissions this
video is for you I'm going to give you
some tips how to research in your life
to create more space and more time for
something that really matters if you're
interested in restarting your life
please continue watching this video now
such transformations like this one often
happen when you come back from a big
trip first thing you need to do is
actually ant that completely take away
all of your stuff hide the baggage hide
your suitcase and when I was doing that
I realized there are so many things that
are in my wardrobe right now that I'm
not wearing and when I'm declaring my
wardrobe I used this method recommended
by Mary Kondo in her book the
life-changing magic of tidying up and
the method is take a piece of cloth and
ask yourself when am I going to wear
this and if the answer is today or
tomorrow then this is good then just put
it back if the answer is oh when it
rains and maybe next year then this is
when you put your cloth somewhere else
for example I have this bag below my bed
where I store all of the stuff that I
don't really wear and then when my mom
comes to visit she takes some of that
stuff because she loves wearing my
clothes and the rest just goes to
charity if there is the shop called
goodwill in San Francisco so we'll just
go and donate my clothes the second
thing that you need to pay attention to
is actually your to-do list because
sometimes it's just like your wardrobe
it has a lot of stuff that you wanted to
do but you haven't found time we've
recently learned this idiom in English
which says get something out of your
system which means do something that you
wanted to do for a long time but didn't
have time to so what I've done I just
said was my to-do list
and there was so many tests there and
I'm like either I do it now or I don't
don't
and I was like either I do this now or I
don't do that at all so I just cleared
my to-do list I sat down I found a CPA
tax season in the United States by the
end of March we have to submit all of
our taxes so I needed to find an
accountant so I just sat down completed
that task and got it out of my system
there were some tasks that I realized I
won't be doing because they take up too
much time and I don't see why I should
be doing them this is something you need
to do as well and the next thing to do
is either to plan your next month or
even get a new planner sometimes getting
a new planner is the good way to set new
motion to set new energy into your life
also try to declutter whatever you can I
was also declaring my makeup and
toiletries and I realized add so much
makeup that it's out of date and I have
so much makeup that I'm not really using
again I used a separate box for it I
will just give it away to my friends or
I will just donate it or some things I
will just throw away and one of the
resolutions that have brought from LA to
San Francisco is that I want to pay
attention to small things in this life
for example getting a shampoo that
really really smells well yes it might
be a little more expensive but when you
get the smell every day it's like this
new little luxury that would give you a
completely different mood and for
example this toothpaste that I'm using
it's a little more expensive
but then it's so unique and it smells so
good that it makes my mornings and
evenings a lot better this is really
important to appraise yourself and
because you're putting so much energy in
new things you have to praise yourself
with those small luxuries and other
things that I've done is a digital reset
oh my god my computer was flooded with
files so I just reorganized them into
different folders I cleared my hard
drives I cleared my flashcards because
I've had so much footage from Los
Angeles now it's all in order and I know
when I'm releasing the new videos this
is something that I encourage you to do
and now when I open my laptop having
this amazing mood to create to do
something great because again when
there's order and everything you do it
brings more energy
another thing that's been a trend in the
United States in 2017 and I was really
surprised and I found out but people got
really obsessed with essential oils and
essential oils can affect your mood they
can affect your brain activity as it
comes to me I just love the way they
smell and normally I would mix mint and
orange essential oil the best essential
oils I guess come from Russia because
Russia is great and all of that stuff we
have a lot of woods but you can also get
them in the United States and there is
actually white choice and Amazon and
that's what I've done as well actually
one of my subscribers just send me a
gift which was an essential oil diffuser
thank you so much that's such an amazing
gift if you do the things that I
mentioned regularly if you concentrate
on clearing your space every weekend and
setting goals for the next week and once
you do all of that you would realize how
much space you actually have to create
something new and for me this means more
time for my creativity like dancing
singing or doing some more stuff on
YouTube I want to continue doing this
and I want to continue doing this every
weekend and every Sunday I sit down with
my planner and I write down the tasks
for the next week and set some small
goals that would guide me through
whatever I do during the week what is
the main role the main rule is when you
sit down to do something you ask
yourself where does this get me how does
this get me closer to my goal that was
it these were my small tips that helped
me reset my life for your space get more
energy for doing something great and
this is a great tip for you if you want
to have more English in your life do
that and plan some English language
activities for the week ahead
let me know guys if you enjoyed watching
this video comment below with your tips
what do you do to reset your life if you
like to please like because your likes
is the only way for me to know whether
you enjoyed it or not also you asked a
lot about the equipment that I'm using
for shooting the videos everything will
be below in the description box thank
you so much for watching this and I will
see you in the next videos subscribe
[Music]